Add options argument to req.reply (#1923)
cap-js/docs: node.js/events.md

})
```

> The additional `options` argument can be used to specify content disposition headers in case of [custom streaming (beta)](best-practices#custom-streaming-beta). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional second argument `options` can be used to specify content disposition headers in case of [custom streaming (beta)](best-practices#custom-streaming-beta). 
```
